this pain holding on the activities of the authorities
called unprecedented intervention
within two months of the ministry
Justice USA secretly recorded phones
conversations of staff and sachet this press
agency believe that the secret
an investigation was started after this
articles cheese revealed terrorist
conspiracy the terrorists intended
blow up a passenger plane flying in
Us this plan was developed as
Minsk branch of al-Qaida
after this article wike go find out that
grouping have cheese and u have their people
and Sasha this press declares that
Ministry of Justice did not explain why
they needed information but recognized that
they recorded over 20 phone numbers
conversations and at least five of them
journalists who participated in
preparing that article from it was very
serious information leakage is very very
serious i work as a prosecutor since 1976
years and I must say that of those leaks with
which i have come across is one of
most serious if not the most
serious leak for all the time she
put the citizens of Sasha at risk and I did not
exaggerating the rivers Volga recently Eric
the holder declared that he had recused himself
the case of listening to conversations and the United States
this press is a famous news agency
yesterday condemned the actions of the government in
letter sent by holder
executive sachet this cross
Mushroom digs writes the following
received records can give
representation of all negotiations with
confidential sources during
news agency activities for
two month period as well as how
organized by the agency as she
receives information the government does not
has no right to access
similar information and Sasha this press
requires an explanation why the government
got phone call records
reporters without prior
notifications
concern is how can it
affect the media and their sources
information about api fact he i think that
the media have already felt the consequences of this
scandal sources refuse
cooperate
the doors slam right in front of them
noses probably thought so
scare in other words block off
valve
for there were no leaks on the wave
public resonance spokesperson
White House Jay Karni again reminded
commitment to the presidential administration
Obama of information transparency
the president firmly believes that the press
can not be limited in its pursuit
journalistic investigation also he
as a citizen and president of the United States believes in
need to protect
classified information so as leaks
may threaten the interests of the national
security balance between information
openness and national security
became delicate issues after the attacks
September 11th at the Obama administration
rich experience of aggressive pursuit
informants and debunkers for leakage
more information was given
criminal cases than for all others
administrations combined forest lrt
Washington